# This General Release ("Release") is made on 22 day of January, 2018 between ________ at ________________________________ ("Releasor") and ________ at ________________________ ("Releasee").

    1. Releasor and anyone claiming on Releasor's behalf releases and forever discharges Releasees and its affiliates, successors, officers, employees, representatives, partners, agents and anyone claiming through them (collectively, the "Released Parties") in their individual and/or corporate capacities from any and all claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, disputes, demands, damages, causes of action of any nature and kind, known or unknown, which Releasor has or ever had or may in the future have against Releasees or any of the Released Parties arising out of or relating to: the termination of a contractual relationship between the Releasor and the Releasee ("Claims").
    2. In exchange for the release of Claims, Releasee will provide Releasor a payment in the amount of $10,000.00. In consideration of such payment, Releasor agrees to accept the payment as full and complete settlement and satisfaction of any present and prospective claims.
    3. This Release shall not be in any way construed as an admission by the Releasee that it has acted wrongfully with respect to Releasor or any other preson, that it admits liability or responsibility at any time for any purpose, or that Releasor has any rights whatsoever against the Releasee.
    4. This release shall be binding upon the parties and their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, executors, successors and assigns. Releasor has the authority to release the Claims and has not assigned or transferred any Claims to any other party. The provisions of this Release are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. This Release constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any and all prior oral or written agreements or understandings between the
<br>